[Term Entry] Nmap: UDP Scan (#1341)
Codecademy/docs: content/cybersecurity/concepts/nmap/terms/udp-scan/udp-scan.md

---
Title: 'UDP Scan'

> Description: 'Scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, which are not scanned in a regular scan. Can be combined with any TCP scan'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Checks for any UDP ports deployed on a target and can be combined with any TCP scan.'
```

The `Description` should be end with a period and (preferably) be one sentence.

> Description: 'Scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, which aren't scanned in a regular scan. Can be combined with any TCP scan' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, which are not scanned in a regular scan. Can be combined with any TCP scan' 
```

Reviewer 2: The Metadata doesn't like the apostrophe in the description.

Author: Thank you very much! That would have taken forever for me to find out

Subjects:

>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Networking'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Networking'
```

Tags: 
  - 'Networking'
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Ethical Hacking'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'introduction-to-cybersecurity'
  - 'paths/scan-systems-with-nmap'
---

> An **UDP Scan** scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, while the [regular scan](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/nmap/nmap-scan) only scans the TCP Ports. It is performed by using the -sU option and can be combined with any TCP scan type, for example SYN scan (-sS) to scan UDP and TCP Ports in the same run. UDP Scan is normally slower and more difficult than a TCP scan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An **UDP Scan** scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, while the [regular scan](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/nmap/nmap-scan) only scans the TCP Ports. It is performed by using the `-sU` option and can be combined with any TCP scan type, for example SYN scan (`-sS`) to scan UDP and TCP Ports in the same run. UDP Scan is normally slower and more difficult than a TCP scan.
```

Author: I have a question about the md file: the metadata at the beginning isn't displayed correctly when opening https://github.com/jansoth/CodecademyDocs/blob/NmapUDPScan/content/cybersecurity/concepts/nmap/terms/udp-scan/udp-scan.md (as shown in the image).
I can't find the mistake when comparing the source to for example the 'agressive scan' source in the md file

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25724976/208101233-60ad3871-b0b3-4767-b34c-09cad569661b.png)

> An **UDP Scan** scans (only) the UDP Ports of a target, while the [regular scan](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/nmap/nmap-scan) only scans the TCP Ports. It is performed by using the `-sU` option and can be combined with any TCP scan type, for example SYN scan (`-sS`) to scan UDP and TCP Ports in the same run. UDP Scan is normally slower and more difficult than a TCP scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **user diagram protocol (UDP) scan** checks for any UDP ports that are deployed on a target. Conversely, the [regular scan](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/nmap/nmap-scan) only scans the TCP ports. UDP scans are normally slower and more difficult than TCP scans.
```

I think the second sentence makes more sense somewhere in the "Syntax" section below.

## Syntax

```pseudo
nmap -sU <target>
```

> The above conducts an UDP scan on `<target>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-sU` option is used to perform a UDP scan on a `<target>`. It can be combined with any TCP scan type. For example, a stealth (SYN) scan (`-sS`) checks for UDP and TCP ports in the same run.
```

## Example

> The following example runs an UDP scan on the site [scanme.nmap.org](http://scanme.nmap.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example runs a UDP scan on the site [scanme.nmap.org](http://scanme.nmap.org/):
```
